software/addis2/index.md, before:

---
layout: content
title: ADDIS 2
---

Aggregate Data Drug Information System (ADDIS) is an evidence-based decision support system for [health care policy decision making](/research) that concerns alternative treatment options.
ADDIS 2 is currently under heavy development and far from feature complete.
Our goal is for ADDIS 2 to become a platform on which researchers can collaborate to perform systematic reviews, data extraction, evidence synthesis and decision analysis.

<img src="/images/software/addis2/addis-graphic.png" alt="The ADDIS concept">

We believe that such an integrated system can improve the efficiency and transparency of systematic review and health care policy decision making by several orders of magnitude.
Efficiency can be improved by facilitating easier and more meaningful sharing of data and meta-data, while transparency will be enhanced by linking decisions to the underlying value judgments and clinical data.

Documentation
-------------

After two year of development, the ADDIS 2 project is now (January 2016) useable as an analytical tool.

Our framework of thinking is captured by the following documents:

 - [ADDIS 2 requirements](/software/addis2/requirements)
 - [ADDIS 2 architecture](/software/addis2/architecture)
 - [ADDIS 2 roadmap](/software/addis2/roadmap)

Especially the longer-term plans carry a significant degree of uncertainty.
We expect to keep updating and revising these documents as the work proceeds.
Changes to the documentation can be tracked on GitHub: [drugis/drugis.org](https://github.com/drugis/drugis.org/).

Current status
--------------

The live version of ADDIS 2 currently has components for creating datasets, and inputting studies within these datasets.
Further components allow creation of personal projects based on one of those datasets, and performing analyses within this project. Supported analysis types are multiple criteria decision (benefit-risk) analysis (based on either single studies or network meta-analyses), network meta-analysis and network meta-regression.
The current stable version of ADDIS 2 is available at [addis.drugis.org](https://addis.drugis.org). The in-development version, often with more features, is available at [addis-test.drugis.org](https://addis-test.drugis.org).

<img class="screen-shot" src="/images/software/addis2.png" alt="addis.drugis.org">

You currently need a Google account to sign in, although we plan to switch to [ORCID](http://orcid.org/ "Open Researcher and Contributor ID") once their authentication-only API becomes available.

Source code
-----------

The source code for the ADDIS 2 software is available on GitHub, on [our organization page](https://github.com/drugis/). In addition, source code for the R packages is available from [Gert van Valkenhoef](https://github.com/gertvv/) and for Patavi from [Joël Kuiper](https://github.com/joelkuiper/).

{% include github.html class="right" %}

Commit message:

Several changes to bring up-to-date:
 - Page for GeMTC stand-alone
 - Update ADDIS 2 main page
 - Link to ADDIS 2 user manual
 - Remove outdated roadmap and stories pages

software/addis2/index.md, after:

---
layout: content
title: ADDIS 2
---

Aggregate Data Drug Information System (ADDIS) is an evidence-based decision support system for [health care policy decision making](/research) that concerns alternative treatment options.
ADDIS 2 is currently under heavy development and far from feature complete.
Our goal is for ADDIS 2 to become a platform on which researchers can collaborate to perform systematic reviews, data extraction, evidence synthesis and decision analysis.

<img src="/images/software/addis2/addis-graphic.png" alt="The ADDIS concept">

We believe that such an integrated system can improve the efficiency and transparency of systematic review and health care policy decision making by several orders of magnitude.
Efficiency can be improved by facilitating easier and more meaningful sharing of data and meta-data, while transparency will be enhanced by linking decisions to the underlying value judgments and clinical data.

Documentation
-------------

The [user manual for ADDIS](https://addis.drugis.org/manual.html) provides a detailed overview of the functionality in ADDIS, as well as  the statistical methods.

Our framework of thinking is captured by the following documents:

 - [ADDIS 2 requirements](/software/addis2/requirements)
 - [ADDIS 2 architecture](/software/addis2/architecture) (outdated)


Current status
--------------

As of October 2016, ADDIS 2 is mostly feature complete, and we are working on improving stability and usability. Funding from IMI GetReal terminates end of 2016, and we are exploring several options to continue the project.

The current stable version of ADDIS 2 is available at [addis.drugis.org](https://addis.drugis.org).

<img class="screen-shot" src="/images/software/addis2.png" alt="addis.drugis.org">

You need a Google account to sign in.

Source code
-----------

The source code for the ADDIS 2 software is available on GitHub, on [our organization page](https://github.com/drugis/). In addition, source code for the R packages is available from [Gert van Valkenhoef](https://github.com/gertvv/).

{% include github.html class="right" %}
