---
layout: post
title: "ADDIS 2 release 11"
author: gert
excerpt: ADDIS 2 release 11 improves usability and includes a preview report writing feature
categories: news
---

We are proud to announce ADDIS 2 release 11. This release contains the following new features and improvements:

 - It is now easier to correct your mistakes. Projects can be updated to new versions of a dataset, keeping all your outcomes, interventions, and covariates. Concepts in projects can now be edited or deleted, and out of date projects can be archived.
 - It is now possible to enter data for categorical variables, and you can change the measurement moment assigned for measurements.
 - Standard errors entered for outcomes will now be used in analyses. Measurement properties that are not used in analyses are now clearly marked in data entry.
 - A first preview version of our report writing capability is now available. You can write a report for your project (using the [Markdown syntax](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax)), and that report can include dynamic references to analysis results. In the preview, you can add evidence network diagrams, and confidence intervals for treatment comparisons.
 - Many bugfixes and improvements to stability and performance.

We are also happy to announce that the IMI GetReal project has been extended, and so you can look forward to ADDIS 2 release 12 in Q1 of 2017. In release 12, we will flesh out the report writing functionality further, improve our interface to R, and more.
