---
layout: post
title: "ADDIS 2 release 15"
author: daan
excerpt: ADDIS 2 release 15 adds Excel interchange, adds contrast data support and improves benefit-risk analysis.
categories: news
---

We are proud to announce ADDIS 2 release 15. This release contains the following new features and improvements:

- Added support for a structured Excel format for both export and import of studies and datasets. Its specification can be found [here](https://drugis.org/files/addisExcelSpec.pdf)
- Added support for data entry and analysis of several types of contrast data (e.g. hazard ratio, odds ratio).
- Improvements to the benefit-risk analysis component, both the [stand-alone MCDA component](https://mcda.drugis.org) and the submodule of [ADDIS](https://addis.drugis.org):
  - Added 'Settings' screen, letting users control the workspace and effects tables.
  - Added support for multiple data sources for a single criterion.
  - Added 'Matching' preference elicitation method.
  - Users can now download the problem of a workspace as a JSON file on the overview tab.

The full list of changes can be found at the bottom of this post.

- ADDIS
  - Features
    - Created an Excel file format that allows import and export of studies and datasets to ADDIS.
    - Added support for study contrast data (data entry, network meta-analysis, benefit-risk analysis).

    - User interface improvements
      - Added loading indicators when the system is busy.
      - Front page: users list no longer goes off screen.
      - Study entry: increased input validation for measurements.
      - Study entry: warn users when there are duplicate concept mappings.

  - Bugfixes
    - Restored missing error messages for network meta-analysis creation.
    - Enable editing dataset names.
    - D80-table fixes for unknown values and missing primary measurement
    - Fixed autocomplete for drugs and units in drug treatment creation.
    - Fixed breadcrumbs
    - Project report: links now check whether benefit-risk analyses are finalized.
    - Drug treatments now require at least one drug.
- MCDA
  - Features
    - Added 'Settings' screen, letting users control the workspace and effects table.
    - Settings added:
      - Effects table display modes:
        - 'Effects' - shows input as entered for effects, and the median/mode for distributions.
        - 'Source data' - Shows input as entered for effects, and the parameters for distributions.
        - 'Deterministic MCDA' - shows only effect point estimates, no confidence interval.
        - 'SMAA' - shows effects as calculated by SMAA, i.e. by sampling from their distributions.
      - Toggle between mode and median for the effects table SMAA display mode.
      - Toggle between between percentage and decimal display of dichotomous and cumulative probability effects.
    - Effects table improvements:
      - Allow hiding of non-alternative columns.
      - Added 'Strength of evidence' and 'Uncertainty' columns.
    - Preferences improvements:
      - Added a 'willingness to trade off' chart, letting the user explore the weight space via acceptability curves.
      - Changed Swing Weighting elicitation, now supporting direct weight setting, both precise and imprecise.
      - Added Matching preference elicitation method.
    - Added support for multiple data sources for a single criterion.
    - Added the ability to edit new copies of existing workspaces.
    - Let users change labels in several figures to help with overcrowded plots.
    - Support SSL certificate-based user authentication.
    - Users can now download the problem of a workspace as a JSON file on the overview tab.
    - Criteria and alternatives can now be reordered on the overview tab.
    - Uploaded JSON files are now checked for validity, showing a warning for invalid files.
    - Manual input improvements:
      - More input validation and error feedback.
      - Added support for NE (not estimable) values.
      - Added support for empty cells.
  - Minor changes
    - Display unit of measurement during partial value function creation.
    - Changed the way criteria are displayed on the overview tab.
    - Manual input:
      - Favourability is now optional.
      - Values calculated from inputs are now being rounded.
      - Units, references, and description are now shown during data entry.
      - Allow reordering criteria and alternatives.
    - Toggling effects table columns is now workspace-wide.
    - Effects table descriptions are now always fully shown.
    - Moved weights table to deterministic analysis tab.
    - Ranking preference elicitation can now be cancelled.
    - Ask for scenario name on creation instead randomly generating one.
    - SMAA tab is now disabled if there is no uncertainty.
    - Allow changing of criterions' favourability.
    - Show favourability in every effects table.
  - Bugfixes
    - Manual input:
      - Only make references clickable if they are URLs.
      - While adding a criterion, the button now says 'add' instead of 'edit'.
      - Clicking the normal distribution checkbox no longer closes the dropdown.
      - Refreshing the page no longer causes the table in step 2 to disappear.
      - It is no longer possible to enter 0% for a dichotomous effect.
      - Fix bug preventing criteria from being deleted
      - Input popup in step 2 no longer becomes very small if there are many alternatives.
    - Fixed math formula display in the manual.
    - Subproblem creation:
      - Fix several scale range errors.
      - Baseline alternatives can no longer be deselected after renaming them.
      - Theoretical scale ranges are now considered during creation.
    - Fix missing criterion name during partial value function creation.
    - Improve support for special characters in names.
    - Fix central weights table in case there's no hits.
    - The default problem now has configured ranges.
- All
  - Features
    - Give each page a title, making browser history informative
    - Improve build process and stability using yarn and webpack.
    - Concatenate and minify javascript and html, decreasing page loading time.

  - Minor changes
    - Added more contextual help icons, select better locations in the manual for help links.
    - Unify look of the manual across our web applications.
   
  - Bugfixes
    - IE11 fixes:
      - sliders, modals and R results.
    - Various other bugfixes.
